Hey, good morning everybody.
I'm Brandon Biggs and this is Diana Biggs, and we're so blessed you joined us today.
You know, I was praying on the couch last night and I said, "Lord, what do you have for your people today?
I need something fresh.
" He said, "I want you to go back to the authority of the believer.
I want you to talk about the authority of the believer.
" I said, "Well, I can do that, Lord," and it's one of my favorite topics.
My son, Diana, and I all love it; we've listened to it for the last ten years, really heavy, all the time.
Even my son, when he was a little boy, could quote some sermons better than the preacher could because he would memorize what the preacher was going to say.
He would be like a parrot as a little boy and start quoting what he was fixing to say before he would say it.
Even afterwards, when the sermon was over and we were driving in the car, he would always quote all of the sermons we would listen to.
I'd play them on my MP3 player, playing one sermon continually on the radio because I wanted to get it down inside of me.
Faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the Word of God.
I know that the more you listen to it, the more it becomes real to you.
I heard Brother Hagin say that he would listen to things and meditate on the Word and get it down inside him.
I thought, "Well, if it worked for Brother Hagin and his life was so fruitful, why not do it too?
" So I started finding sermons that stood out to me—Brother Hagin's sermons and others—and I just listened to them over and over to the point where, like I said, my son would start quoting them.
I'd go, "Well, I guess I've listened to that one long enough; I need to move on to another one.
" Kenneth E.
Hagin—to the point where, like I said, my son knows his stories better than he did.
I say, "Wow, praise the Lord!
" I was thinking about the sermon whenever he was talking about how the power company provides the power to the house, just like the Father provides the authority and the power of His presence.
The anointing on you provides the power, but it's our job to flip the switch.
He's not going to flip the switch in your house.
The Oklahoma Tulsa power company is not going to come and turn the switch on in your house; they provided the power to the pole, but it's my job to flip the switch.
As believers, it's our job to flip the switch of the power like we do in a house.
He's not going to flip it for you.
We are praying for the sick and saying, "God, why haven't you done this?
" He's already done it, ladies and gentlemen!
He's already said, "It is finished.
" Those were His last words on the cross.
What was finished?
Everything He set out to do to redeem us from the curse of the law was finished.
He redeemed us; He took our infirmities, our poverty, our grief, and our sorrows.
He took everything on Himself that was on us—everything that the curse of the law of Deuteronomy 28 stated.
According to Galatians, Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law by becoming those curses for us.
So, it's done.
When He said it's finished, it's finished.
There's nothing more He can do for you.
He already told you, "You are healed by the stripes of Jesus.
" Isaiah 53:5 and 1 Peter—those scriptures are real, alive, and powerful today.
They're for every single one of us if you just believe it.
He has already provided healing, health, wealth, wisdom, and all the things He said He would do for us.
It's our job to flip the switch in our spiritual house and say, "I yield to what He already did.
" We stand confidently in the finished works of Jesus Christ, which guarantees you victory.
He's given us dominion.
He also says to heal the sick.
He didn't say pray for the sick; He said heal the sick.
Matthew 10:8 says, "Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, cast out devils; freely you have received, freely give.
" We're using our authority right there.
James 4:7 says, "Submit yourself unto God, resist the devil, and he will flee.
" He didn't say for you to pray and ask the Lord to take care of the devil for you; He said for you to submit yourself unto God and resist him.
If you don't resist him, he isn't going to flee.
If you resist him and keep on keeping on, when he realizes that you're not going to give up and you are not going to cower down to him, he's going to flee.
But it's not until you have that bulldog on a bone mentality—"I'm not letting go of my God-given rights to walk in health, healing, and deliverance"—that he will flee in terror, like Brother Hagin used to say.
He's going to run in terror, freaking out to get out of here, because he knows when you have that revelation of authority to tread on serpents and scorpions and nothing shall by any means hurt you.
That's what Jesus said: "A thousand shall fall at my side and ten thousand at my right hand, but it will not come nigh me.
" It takes speaking to the problem and circumstances, submitting yourself unto God, and resisting the devil.
It's not God making the devil flee; it's you submitting yourself unto God and resisting him with the Word.
The devil is not afraid of you, ladies and gentlemen; he's afraid of the Word and the revelation of the Word because the Word of God is sharper than any two-edged sword.
We have that Word coming out of our mouth that quenches all the fiery darts of the devil.
We have the shield of faith, the helmet of salvation, and that armor to be warriors because of what God's given us: the breastplate of righteousness, the girdle of truth, and feet shod with the gospel of peace.
But you have to put it on and walk it out by faith.
Speak to your mountain.
Your mountain needs to hear your voice.
Begging is not believing.
Just like Jesus cursed the fig tree—even if you don't see it right away, it dried up 24 hours later.
You keep pressing in.
Just because it didn't happen immediately doesn't mean it didn't work.
Abraham staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief.
He didn't give up and say, "It must have been pizza that night I had the visitation from the Lord telling me He made a covenant with me.
" If he had, he would have lost the blessing of his son.
You have to have that bulldog grit.
"I will receive my manifestation no matter what; I am not moved by what I see or feel, I'm moved by what the Word of God says.
" If you want results in your prayer life, find scripture to back what you're praying.
You can't get off in la-la land and expect God to answer prayers that are not biblical.
You have to have it backed by the Word of God.
He says we can walk in divine health with long life.
He promised me at least 120 years; that's what the Word says.
He will satisfy us and show us His salvation.
You have a guaranteed scripture right there.
If someone is dealing with depression, instead of saying, "God, help me," you speak to that depression and say, "No, the Word of God says He's given me a sound mind.
" Speak the Word over your circumstance according to 2 Timothy 1:7.
You don't have to have depression, anxiety, or fear; you can have good, restful sleep.
We want you to be encouraged and walk away with hope and joy.
The Holy Spirit lives on the inside of you and has given us everything we need in that beautiful book called the Bible.
We're on the victory side, not the victim or begging side.
God is moved by your faith, not just your needs.
If you have a need, sew a seed and find scripture.
The Bible says He takes care of the birds of the air and the lilies of the field; how much more will He take care of you?
We have a better covenant than Abraham; we have a covenant with Jesus's blood.
We are made in His image, joint heirs of Jesus Christ, and seated with Him in the heavenlies.
Living on the victory side means not living low, barred, busted, and disgusted, barely getting by.
We're going to stand with you for your healing and victory today.
Diana and I are the two gathered together, agreeing with you that by the stripes of Jesus, you're healed.
Today is your day.
Believe it.
Now faith is the substance of things hoped for and evidence of things not seen.
Like our youngest says, "Not later, now!
" Right now, Daddy, I believe it now.
Father, we agree right now in the name of Jesus that You sent Your Word and healed these people from the top of their heads to the soles of their feet.
We believe we receive that right now by faith.
We latch onto the hem of Your garment and say, "I will be made whole.
" I take authority over this sickness and disease.
You have authority in all three realms: Heaven, Earth, and Hell.
Speak to it and tell it to go.
I have authority over that cough, the flu, COVID, cancers, diabetes, high blood pressure, and blood sugar disorders.
Speak to your mountain.
Father, we speak to those circumstances to change.
I call you healed, well, and delivered in the name of Jesus.
We speak to kidneys, livers, and brains to line up.
We speak healing over autism, dementia, and mental strongholds to go now.
Father, we thank You for blessing the fruit of the womb.
We speak over the reproductive systems of those believing for children.
We thank You that ovaries and hormones function correctly, and the lining of the uterus is as it should be.
We plead the blood of Jesus over their cycles.
For mothers believing for children, we thank You that they conceive and carry to full term.
Your Word says our vine will not cast its fruit before its time.
We thank You for health and wholeness over that child, and that the baby has perfect Apgar scores in Jesus' name.
We thank You for thriving babies and that mothers do not have postpartum depression.
I speak against colicky behavior and acid reflux; there will be no acid reflux in Jesus' name.
We thank You for healthy nursing and that the milk brings nourishment.
I saw an alligator mouth trying to talk against them.
Every tongue that rises against you, you must condemn.
We break word curses and generational curses in the name of Jesus.
We condemn those words; they will not bear fruit.
You do not have authority to speak any word curses over us or our children.
For those who have miscarried, your vine will not cast fruit before its time.
Find that scripture in Malachi today.
You will have a full-term baby, healthy with no problems.
Father, we thank You and call Elon Musk saved in the name of Jesus.
We call forth laborers across his path and the path of Joe Rogan.
We thank You that Joe Rogan is born again and filled with the Holy Ghost.
We thank You that Taylor Swift and big Hollywood celebrities are coming to the kingdom of God.
We take authority over the demonic spirits that have blinded their eyes.
Father, according to Ephesians, let the eyes of their understanding be enlightened and flooded with light today.
We call for radical conversions in these last days.
We call in the people from the north, south, east, and west to come to the kingdom of God.
Father, we thank You that the churches would speak the truth and pastors would have a deeper, intimate relationship with You.
We call for creative miracles to flow in these churches uninterrupted and unhindered by any demonic force.
We thank You, Lord, for a supernatural move of Your presence and a great outpouring.
We thank You that the war will not take place as seen; we deflate the balloon.
We thank You for peace concerning Vladimir Putin and that President Trump would have the right words to say.
We thank You for a season of grace, favor, and a supernatural wealth transfer for the body of Christ.
We take authority over the demonic spirits that have held our wealth back.
We thank You for peace in Jerusalem and that Hezbollah and Israel will stop fighting.
We call for every hostage to be released now in the name of Jesus.
We call an exposing of this darkness and say, "You are free now.
" Send the troops to find them; we call them free from Syria.
Father, we call for an exposing of every dark plan concerning America.
Everything concerning terrorist groups located here—we thank You that the FBI, Homeland Security, and law enforcement uncover every plot.
Foiled in the name of Jesus!
Your hand of protection is on America.
We thank You for protection during the holiday season and shopping.
No weapon formed against the churches will prosper.
We pray a hedge of protection around President Trump, his family, and the Secret Service.
Give them discernment in knowing which threats are real.
We put angels around them and thank You for supernatural wisdom as he leads America and makes it godly again.
Visit him in the midnight hour and give him supernatural rest.
I feel a turning happening in the realm of the spirit.
Thank You, Jesus, for turning this country around.
This nonsense will stop, and the Deep State will not succeed because we, as the body of Christ, have authority over this demonic principality.
Principality is working through personalities like Macron and Joe Biden, but this stops now.
Every plot will be brought to light.
We have four years of great blessing and prosperity.
We will not have that bomb blow up Poland as I saw; we pray against it.
There will be no false flag events in Europe to escalate war.
We do prayer every day.
If you're new here, please subscribe and like our videos.
We're believing for a million-person prayer army to change events.
What the devil meant for bad, God is going to turn for good.
This is a time of great turnaround.
We walk in victory over end-time events.
People will see the joy and provision in our lives and ask, "What's different about them?
" Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
We will see you all again tomorrow.
God bless you all.
Bye-bye.